Dan  Dan explained a user-driven approach to visualization and modeling.
John  When visualizing the ideal plan, John was right there.
Wes  Wes was eager to demonstrate incorporating visualization into a successful routine.
Visualization  Visualization of the required work was daunting until Ryan stepped to the podium.
Edward  Edward wisely used to time to teach the team techniques in visualization.
Greg  Greg is able to visualize the ideal of everything that he would like to achieve.
Andi  Andi is able to visualize and analyze both basic and creative solutions.
Visualization  Visualization and planning explain the success of this project.
Wilbert  Wilbert showed the team how visualization can help bring about remarkable change.
James  James does all the right things; he visualizes and expresses gratitude.
Dave  Thanks to Dave, the draft determination will protect customers from significant price shocks.
Ben's  In understanding the clients issues, Ben's determination never wavered.
Neil's  The overriding reason we landed the contract was Neil's determination to please the client.
Next  Next time you are tired or second guessing yourself, try to channel your determination.
John  The determination in John is incredible, he never gives up.
He  He has the ability to see past the challenge with his determination.
Nathan  Nathan returned to school with a determination to finish.
Lisa  As usual, Lisa approached the task with determination and energy.
William's  William's determination carried him through the battle.
We  We learned quickly that the most important predictor of success is determination.
Bob's  Bob's determination would not allow him to leave the office until the task was completed.
Jason  Through perseverance and determination, Jason ensured the project would be a success.
Joe  Joe displayed a fierce determination not to accept defeat.
Lee  Lee was thinking strategically when he organized our new digital Kanban board.
phone  During our retrospective, the entire team was thinking strategically in moving our standups to the phone system.
team  The team lead, thinking strategically, brought healthy breakfast selections to our early morning meeting.
Travis  By keeping our technology options open, Travis was thinking strategically.
Mackenzie  By bringing her lunch to work, Mackenzie was thinking strategically about organizing her day.
Nate  Thinking strategically, Nate exchanged team developers on an individual basis.
Ryan  Ryan was thinking strategically when he took the initiative to learn a new technology.
team  The team created a branching policy by thinking strategically.
Steve  Steve was thinking strategically by suggesting the use of natural language processing.
dog  The dog was thinking strategically when he buried his extra bone in the back yard.
Robert's  Robert's decision to include documentation showed that he was thinking strategically.
Jason's  Jason's role is to ensure that the team is thinking strategically.
he  The fate of the project was announced, showing he was thinking strategically.
strategically  The presentation included strategically positioned highlights.
Lee  Lee remained composed as the remote developers became upset.
Sara  Sara maintained her composure as the client criticized her presentation.
Bob  Although the room became heated, Bob remain completely composed.
Composure  Composure was maintained by all as the bad news was delivered.
June  June retained her composure after the non politically correct joke.
Sherri  Unsurprisingly, Sherri did not maintain her composure.
Missi  As the bad news was delivered, everyone except Missi maintained their composure.
Mark  Mark was as composed as a church mouse when he lost the game.
I  I was surprised that Sarah did not remain composed after she was fired.
Remaining  Remaining composed was the focus of the motivational speaker.
He  He accepted their problems with composure and she with equanimity.
Mike  Mike quickly saw the problem with the project
John  John did a good job at determining that the system was not performing correctly
Lacy  Lacy perceived that there were problems that were not being addressed
Barb  Barb was able to see that the machine was broken
William  William saw that the dependencies were not aligned correctly
Dave  Dave became aware of the problems that were plaguing the installation
Jess  Jess realized that the inefficiency was due to the machine design
Steve  Steve discerned that the team was failing to perform well enough
Greg  Greg identified that there was no responsible party identified
Geena  Geena comprehended that the nature of the problem was machine based
Chevy  Chevy understood that there were too many steps in the process
Mary  Mary came up with a unique solution to the problem
David  David was thinking out of the box when he solved the issue
Susan  Susan came up with a creative process to fix the machine
Thomas  Thomas thought of an inventive solution
Harry  Harry was really resourceful in his quick response to the work overflow
Donald  The way that Donald came up with the design was inspired
Holly's  Holly's decision to use excel to determine the cause of the issue was creative
Sammy  Sammy creatively designed the updated machine
Milton  Milton showed great integrity when he turned down the untoward offer
Harry  Harry honestly explained the truth of the situation
Martin  Martin acted honorably when deailng with the situation
Sally's  Sally's proposal showed honesty in understanding her own weaknesses
Harold  Harold was sincere in his description of his beliefs
Mary  Mary was virtuous in her attempts to describe the situation
Phil  Phil acted with integrity
Steve  Steve showed integrity when he resigned from the position
Michael  Michael failed to motivate his team
David  David lead his project team successfully
Thomas  Thomas inspired his group to complete the project on time
Shelly  Shelly spurred on the members to greater success
Susan  Susan motivated her team well
Brian  Brian was unable to motivate the team
Sally  The failure of Sally to provide motivation for the effort was why the project failed
Lilly  Lilly was inspiring during the discussions
Phil  Phil couldn't motivate his project team